Fix all tests + handling of dotfiles, notfound, and nojekyll for Commander vs. Angular CLI (#180)
angular-schule/angular-cli-ghpages: docs/README_standalone.md

## Usage

Execute `npx angular-cli-ghpages` in order to deploy the project with a build from `dist` folder. (`dist` is the default)
**Note: You have to create the `dist` folder first (e.g. by running `ng build`).**

> Since Angular CLI 6 the build artifacts will be put in a subfolder, eg. `dist/PROJECTNAME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Angular CLI 6 the build artifacts will be put in a subfolder, e.g. `dist/PROJECTNAME`.
```

> Since Angular CLI 17 the build artifacts will be put in a subfolder, followed by the folder `browser`, eg. `dist/PROJECTNAME/browser`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Angular CLI 17 the build artifacts will be put in a subfolder, followed by the folder `browser`, e.g. `dist/PROJECTNAME/browser`.
```

npx angular-cli-ghpages --repo=https://GH_TOKEN@github.com/<username>/<repositoryname>.git --name="Displayed Username" --email=mail@example.org
```

> > Don't share the GH_TOKEN with other persons. It is essentially a password to your github account!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't share the GH_TOKEN with anyone! It is essentially a password to your GitHub account.
```
